                             Having a Bad Day?
        ------------------------------------------------------------
Think Your Day is Going Bad? Check These Out....

   * A fierce gust of wind blew 45-year-old Vittorio Luise's car into a
     river near Naples, Italy, in 1983. He managed to break a window, climb
     out and swim to shore -- where a tree blew over and killed him.

   * Mike Stewart, 31, of Dallas was filming a movie in 1983 on the dangers
     of low-level bridges when the truck he was standing on passed under a
     low-level bridge -- killing him.

   * Walter Hallas, a 26-year-old store clerk in Leeds, England, was so
     afraid of dentists that in 1979 he asked a fellow worker to try to
     cure his toothache by punching him in the jaw. The punch caused Hallas
     to fall down, hitting his head, and he died of a fractured skull.

   * George Schwartz, owner of a factory in Providence, R.I., narrowly
     escaped death when a 1983 blast flattened his factory except for one
     wall. After treatment for minor injuries, he returned to the scene to
     search for files. The remaining wall then collapsed on him, killing
     him.

   * Depressed since he could not find a job, 42-year-old Romolo Ribolla
     sat in his kitchen near Pisa, Italy, with a gun in his hand
     threatening to kill himself in 1981. His wife pleaded for him not to
     do it, and after about an hour he burst into tears and threw the gun
     to the floor. It went off and killed his wife.

   * In 1983, a Mrs. Carson of Lake Kushaqua, N.Y., was laid out in her
     coffin, presumed dead of heart disease. As mourners watched, she
     suddenly sat up. Her daughter dropped dead of fright.

   * A man hit by a car in New York in 1977 got up uninjured, but lay back
     down in front of the car when a bystander told him to pretend he was
     hurt so he could collect insurance money. The car rolled forward and
     crushed him to death.

   * Surprised while burgling a house in Antwerp, Belgium, a thief fled out
     the back door, clambered over a nine-foot wall, dropped down and found
     himself in the city prison.

   * In 1976 a twenty-two-year-old Irishman, Bob Finnegan, was crossing the
     busy Falls Road in Belfast, when he was struck by a taxi and flung
     over its roof. The taxi drove away and, as Finnegan lay stunned in the
     road, another car ran into him, rolling him into the gutter. It too
     drove on. As a knot of gawkers gathered to examine the magnetic
     Irishman, a delivery van plowed through the crowd, leaving in its wake
     three injured bystanders and an even more battered Bob Finnegan. When
     a fourth vehicle came along, the crowd wisely scattered and only one
     person was hit-Bob Finnegan. In the space of two minutes Finnegan
     suffered a fractured skull, broken pelvis, broken leg, and other
     assorted injuries. Hospital officials said he would recover.

   * While motorcycling through the Hungarian countryside, Cristo Falatti
     came up to a railway line just as the crossing gates were coming down.
     While he sat idling, he was joined by a farmer with a goat, which the
     farmer tethered to the crossing gate. A few moments later a horse and
     cart drew up behind Falatti, followed in short order by a man in a
     sports car. When the train roared through the crossing, the horse
     startled and bit Falatti on the arm. Not a man to be trifled with,
     Falatti responded by punching the horse in the head. In consequence
     the horse's owner jumped down from his cart and began scuffling with
     the motorcyclist. The horse, which was not up to this sort of
     excitement, backed away briskly, smashing the cart into the sports-
     car. At this, the sports-car driver leaped out of his car and joined
     the fray. The farmer came forward to try to pacify the three flailing
     men. As he did so, the crossing gates rose and his goat was strangled.
     At last report, the insurance companies were still trying to sort out
     the claims.

   * Two West German motorists had an all-too-literal head-on collision in
     heavy fog near the small town of Guetersloh. Each was guiding his car
     at a snail's pace near the center of the road. At the moment of impact
     their heads were both out of the windows when they smacked together.
     Both men were hospitalized with severe head injuries. Their cars
     weren't scratched.

   * In a classic case of one thing leading to another, seven men ages
     eighteen to twenty-nine received jail sentences of three to four years
     in Kingston-on-Thames, England, in 1979 after a fight that started
     when one of the men threw a french fry at another while they stood
     waiting for a train.

   * Hitting on the novel idea that he could end his wife's incessant
     nagging by giving her a good scare, Hungarian Jake Fen built an
     elaborate harness to make it look as if he had hanged himself. When
     his wife came home and saw him she fainted. Hearing a disturbance a
     neighbor came over and, finding what she thought were two corpses,
     seized the opportunity to loot the place. As she was leaving the room,
     her arms laden, the outraged and suspended Mr. Fen kicked her stoutly
     in the backside. This so surprised the lady that she dropped dead of a
     heart attack. Happily, Mr. Fen was acquitted of manslaughter and he
     and his wife were reconciled.

   * An unidentified English woman, according to the London Sunday Express
     was climbing into the bathtub one afternoon when she remembered she
     had left some muffins in the oven. Naked, she dashed downstairs and
     was removing the muffins when she heard a noise at the door. Thinking
     it was the baker, and knowing he would come in and leave a loaf of
     bread on the kitchen table if she didn't answer his knock, the woman
     darted into the broom cupboard. A few moments later she heard the back
     door open and, to her eternal mortification, the sound of footsteps
     coming toward the cupboard. It was the man from the gas company, come
     to read the meter. "Oh," stammered the woman, "I was expecting the
     baker." The gas man blinked, excused himself and departed.
