                        Barbie's letter to Santa
December 23,1997
Dear Santa,

Listen you fat little troll, I've been helping you out
every year, playing at being the perfect Christmas present,
wearing skimpy bathing suits in frigid weather, and drowning
in fake tea from one too many tea parties, and I hate to
break it to you Santa, but IT'S DEFINITELY PAYBACK TIME!
There had better be some changes around here this Christmas
or I'm gonna call for a nation-wide meltdown,( and trust me
you won't want to be around to smell it).

So, here's my Holiday Wish List, Santa:

1.) A nice comfy pair of sweat pants and a frumpy, oversized
sweatshirt. I'm sick of looking like a hooker. How much
smaller are these bathing suits gonna get? Do you have any
idea what it feels like to have nylon and velcro crawling
up your butt?

2.) Real underwear that can be pulled on and off. Preferably
white. What bonehead at Mattel decided to cheap out and MOLD
imitation underwear to my skin!? It looks like cellulite!

3.) A Real Man....maybe GI Joe. Heck, I'd take Tickle-Me Elmo
over that wimped-out excuse for a boyfriend Ken. And what's
with the earring anyway? If I'm gonna have to suffer with him,
at least make him (and me) anatomically correct.

4.) Arms that actually bend so I can push the aforementioned
Ken-wimp away once he is anatomically correct.

5.) Breast reduction surgery. I don't care whose arm you have
to twist, just get it done.

6.) a jog bra. To wear until I get the surgery.

7.) A new Career. Pet doctor and school teacher just don't cut
it. How about a systems analyst? Or better yet, an advertising
account exec!

8.) A new, more 90's persona. Maybe "PMS Barbie" complete with
a miniature container of chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream
and a bag of chips; " Animal Rights Barbie" with my own paint
gun, outfitted with a fake fur coat and handcuffs; or "Stop
Smoking Barbie", sporting a removable Nicotrol patch and equipped
with several packs of gum.

9.) No more McDonald's endorsements. The grease is wrecking my
vinyl.

10.) Mattel stock options. It's been 37 years , I think I
deserve it.

Ok, Santa, that's it. Considering my valuable contribution to
society, I don't think these requests are out of line. If you
disagree, then you can find yourself a new Bimbo doll for next
Christmas. It's that simple.

Yours Truly,
Barbie
