   Changing Linux Password

I was in my linux shell when I thought it's about time I change my password.
Then, I was just a Linux begginer and my knowledge in the system was very
little.  So, I called the root who was near by, and asked him how to change
my password, which was "12ab12a" at the time.
He told me to just type "passwd" and follow the simple instructions.
I, as a obedient humble user, followed what the root said and typed it.
The computer prompted me for my old password, so I looked at my wrinkled
piece of paper my password was written on in red pen, and slowly typed:
"12ab12a".
The computer then prompted me for the new password i would like.
Then i thought to my self: boy, these instructions ARE simple and easy to
follow (man, was i wrong!)... I typed slowly my new password:
"predecessors&successors in telecommuncations"
(that was a subject i was very interested in).
The computer said: "password too simple. try again"  
I said: "ok. if it's too simple, i'll try something a little more
complicated..."
I typed: "02abbc8878966_xx=\-w" - which is made of my social security
number, my phone number, my address and a lot of random encryptions I
put in the middle.
Naturally - the LINUX computer repeated: "TOO SIMPLE! try again."
I said: "That's it, I'm setting it like it was before."
I typed: "12ab12a"
The computer said: "TOO SIMILAR! try again."
I typed: "12ab12b"
Again: "TOO SIMILAR! try again."
I said: "that's it - now let's see it sais too simple"...
I typed in the intire theory of relativity...
It said: "TOO LONG! try again."
I typed in my sister's name.
It said: "TOO MANY USERS HAVE THAT PASSWORD TOO! try again."
***thought*** OK, i have to have a little talk with my sis...
I typed in four words each about a different subject - hoping that the
Linux system will finally give in and let me change my password.
After a very long time of procedural 'thinking' the computer made -
it said: "A USER ON A LINUX SYSTEM IN PLANET SIRIUS X##442 is using that
password. try again."
Then I stopped trying!
I hit ctrl-c, and logged out of my account.

Then the root came in, entered his account to change HIS password.
he typed passwd (as fast as lightning - unlike me), and typed his old
password. The same messages appeared.
Except for this one - when he typed a password that looked really simple
the computer added: "WARNING! password too simple, allowing root override"
   O -override and continue 
   C -cancel
He pressed override and continue, logged out and left the room...

Since that incident, i have never EVER touched a linux system again!

