Q:	HELP!!!! I just set up my talker for the first time, and the test
	user was shackled when I first logged on.. how did this happen?!?!

A:	I honestly don't know... I think it might have occurred in a .mkuser
	bug, but it should have been fixed... anyway, you can .unshackle
	yourself, as I did this when I found out that I got shackled... This
	happened to me once, so I added it to this FAQ just in case...
--------
Q:	I want to use the webpage generator, but I don't know what directory
	on my server the webspace is in.

A:	I don't know either, your best bet would be to contact your servers
	system administrator. Normally tho it can be found in
	/home/yourname/public_html. Try e-mailing: support@yourserver.whatever
	and ask which directory you need/any relevant permissions of the
	directory in order for you to create a webpage.
--------
Q:	Will you code my talker for me?

A:	No, I currently am busy working on my own talker as well as two
	others.  I don't have the time to work on yours for you.
--------
Q:	The code won't compile?  Am I doing anything wrong?

A:	Probably not, other then the fact that you have to go through the
	Makefile, and uncomment/comment out the flags that your operating
	system requires.  As of this writing, the code has only been compiled
	on a Linux glibc2 system, but it will compile on libc5 system. As
	for *BSD, Solaris, and other flavours of *nix, I don't have access
	to those types of servers, so I'm not able to test them on them,
	Although I'm sure they should compile fine, just a few extra
	compile time flags may be needed.
--------
Q:	HELP! I just booted my talker, and everything went fine, but now
	I don't know how to log on/who to log on with in order to promote
	myself!

A:	Login	: Test
	Password: tester (all lower case)
	I couldn't believe how many times I was asked this question, it just
	goes to show that noone does read the opening MOTD's.  The openscreen
	for RaMTITS 1.1.x showed this information. As of this point forth, if
	something is answered in the documents, don't expect a reply from me.
	I don't spend roughly 2-3 weeks writing these documents just so people
	can e-mail me asking me something that is covered in these documents.
--------
Q:	I just promoted someone with the 'Test' account, and suicided with
	the test character right after. Now after I logged off and back on
	with the user that I created, I'm just a normal user again.

A:	In RaMTITS 1.1.x after you promoted someone, you needed to add them
	to '~/ramtits/datafiles/staff_file' otherwise the user would get
	demoted back to a normal user the next time they logged in.  If you
	did add them to that file, then after you add them, you need to type
	'.load' as this would re-load all variables in memory.  In RaMTITS
	2.x after you promote someone > the WIZ level, it will prompt you
	if you would like to add them to this file. If you choose yes, it
	will add them, save the file, and reload the variables.  Why do I do
	this you ask?  Because I've been to a couple of talkers where somehow
	someone got ahold of an admin account and was just promoting people
	while the owners were away doing some other thing. I tried to make
	this as secure as possible.. but if you can't trust your staff,
	they shouldn't be staff on your talker.  If you made a mistake and
	the test character is deleted, go to the RaMTITS download page
	and click on the userfile that you need.  The 'test' account
	password is always the same (tester).

--------
Q:	What's the difference between this code, Amnuts, Moenuts, TalkerOS,
	EWToo, PGPlus, ncohafmuta, Iforms, and other talker codes?

A:	The way I see it.. Amnuts is more of a continuing saga from the
	original NUTS 3.3.3 series, and I commend Andy on a job well done.
	It's a fairly powerful code that has alot of good features in it..
	but (no offence Andy) lacks quite abit at the same time. Moenuts,
	is another variation based off of the NUTS 3.3.3 series, as most
	'base' codes are nowadays, with exception of the EWToo derived
	talkers. But again, (and no offence Moe) I feel as though it's
	lacking in certain aspects.  TalkerOS.. in my opinion.. is just
	more or less a NUTS 3.3.3 derived talker which just adds huge
	support for the telnet client known as Pueblo.
	The EWToo, and PGPlus type base codes.. when I first looked at them
	I was completely overwhelmed by the code.. I found it too complex
	and really didn't understand a thing about it when I was first
	learning to program. Now tho I've looked at it.. and I've seen
	how the inner structure of it works somewhat and I like how it
	was done.. but still felt it too overwhelming for beginning
	programmers. (I also don't like how they use their commands :p)
	Ncohafmuta, and Iforms again are too fairly powerful codes, based
	off of Neil Robertson's earlier NUTS releases, and just overwent
	massive rehauls.. they don't have the complexity of the PGPlus/EWToo
	codes, but aren't exactly the easiest to read. They do have some
	great features tho, and are extremely powerful, and take up very
	few system resources.  Now the answer.. what does RaMTITS have
	in difference with these codes.  What I've done with RaMTITS 2,
	is that I've tried to combine the best features of all of these
	base codes, plus added lots of extra perks, such as games and
	what not.. just to make talkers a more enjoyable place to go
	to.  NUTS Talker coders are usually very hush hush about their
	code, and aren't really into sharing with anyone else. So what
	my goal was, was to try and work in all the extra commands and
	everything, so all that's really left for the talker owner to
	do is basically customize it so that it suits their theme. It
	appears I've captured that aspect fairly well with RaMTITS 2,
	and I give credit to all the original coders, for their work, and
	their help in making RaMTITS 2.

--------
Q:	Somethings not working.. what do I do?

A:	Read the README, and all other files in the ~/ramtits-2.x/docs/
	directory, and see if your problem can be figured out that way.
	I won't respond to any e-mails that are addressed to in any of
	the files, and if you persist, chances are I'll just block your
	site from sending my server any e-mail.  If you have a problem with
	something that isn't covered in the readme's, then goto the RaMTITS
	forum, (http://forum.ramtits.ca) and post it there.. someone else
	might be able to help you with your problem before me.

--------
Q:	When's the next version of RaMTITS coming out?

A:	Don't ask... the more I get asked, the less I want to work on it,
	when I'm constantly bothered for a new version, it makes this
	feel like real work.. and I don't like work as much as the next
	person, so I just put it off.. SO DON'T ASK.... EVER.. the
	moment someone asks..they will be pointed directly to this FAQ.

--------
Q:	Did you write all this code?

A:	No, when I found certain things I liked, or was stuck writing
	a particular function, I did what any sane person would and asked
	for help.  But I am the only person who has done any work on porting
	any of the code over to the new RaMTITS 2 style. I don't claim to
	have written everything.. for a list of the people who have
	contributed to the RaMTITS project, see the AUTHORS file in this
	directory.

--------
Q:	I'm using RaMTITS 1.1.x.. and I'm having problems.. what do I do?

A:	Upgrade to RaMTITS 2. I no longer support RaMTITS 1.1.x as I find
	it was too hastily written. I was bothered for a release for it, so
	I sent it out with too many bugs in it, and I'm too ashamed of it.
	This is the reason it took so long for RaMTITS 2 to be released, I
	wanted it to be stable, easy to use, and have alot of extra features.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
If you have a question, comment, or anything like that.. e-mail it to
squirt@ramtits.ca, and I may or may not get back to it.. if it's one
of them nasty type letters.. I won't bother responding, so don't bother
sending it.  Unless I'm in a frisky mood, it all depends how I feel, but I may
do something to you to make you regret you ever used your computer to say such
naughty things to me ;)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
